README.md, before:

<img src="https://github.com/lesliearkorful/juxtapose/raw/master/assets/juxtapose_banner.jpg"/>

# Juxtapose

A flutter widget for comparing two stacked widgets by dragging a slider thumb to
reveal either sides of the slider horizontally or vertically.

Inspired by <a href="https://juxtapose.knightlab.com" target="_blank">Knightlab's JuxtaposeJS</a>

## Installation

Add the Juxtapose package to pubspec.yaml
```yaml
dependencies:
  juxtapose: ^1.0.2
```

Import the package in your dart file
```dart
import 'package:juxtapose/juxtapose.dart';
```

## Usage
```dart
Juxtapose(
  backgroundColor: Color(0xFF012747),
  foregroundWidget: Image.asset("flutter-logo.png"),
  backgroundWidget: Image.asset("flutter-logo-stroke.png"),
),
```

| Horizontal | Vertical |
|---|---|
|<img src="https://github.com/lesliearkorful/juxtapose/raw/master/assets/horizontal.gif"/>|<img src="https://github.com/lesliearkorful/juxtapose/raw/master/assets/vertical.gif"/>


### By default the inner widgets expand to fill up space. Wrap in `Center` before sizing
```dart
Juxtapose(
  backgroundColor: Color(0xFF012747),
  foregroundWidget: Center(
    child: Image.asset("flutter-logo.png", width: 400),
  ),
  backgroundWidget: Center(
    child: Image.asset("flutter-logo-stroke.png", width: 400),
  ),
),
```

### Sized Children output

<img src="https://github.com/lesliearkorful/juxtapose/raw/master/assets/sized_children.png" height=300>

## API Reference

| Property | Default | Description | Type |
|---|---|---|---|
|`foregroundWidget`|`required`|Widget displayed in front of the `backgroundWidget`|`Widget`
|`backgroundWidget`|`required`|Widget displayed behind the `foregroundWidget`|`Widget`
|`height`|optional|Height of the Juxtapose box|`double`
|`width`|optional| Width of the Juxtapose box.|`double`
|`direction`|`Axis.horizontal`|Sliding direction for juxtaposing between the two widgets|`Axis`
|`backgroundColor`|`Colors.transparent`|Background color of the Juxtapose box|`Color`
|`dividerColor`|`Colors.white`|Color of the horizontal/vertical divider|`Color`
|`dividerThickness`|`3.0`|Line thickness of the horizontal/vertical divider|`double`
|`thumbColor`|`Colors.white`|Color of the thumb that is dragged to juxtapose|`Color`
|`thumbSize`|`Size(12, 100)`|Size of the thumb widget. Width is the shortest side. Height is the longest side.|`Size`
|`thumbBorderRadius`|`BorderRadius.circular(4)`|Sets the border radius of the thumb widget|`BorderRadius`
|`showArrows`|`true`|Indicates whether the arrows on the sides of the thumb are shown or not|`bool`


### Found an issue or have a suggestion?
<a href="https://github.com/lesliearkorful/juxtapose/issues/new" target="_blank"> Create an issue</a>

### Contact
Reach me on Twitter <a href="https://twitter.com/lesliearkorful" target="_blank">@lesliearkorful</a>

Commit message:

added initialOffset property to set the initial position of the thumb

README.md, after:

<img src="https://github.com/lesliearkorful/juxtapose/raw/master/assets/juxtapose_banner.jpg"/>

# Juxtapose

A flutter widget for comparing two stacked widgets by dragging a slider thumb to
reveal either sides of the slider horizontally or vertically.

Inspired by <a href="https://juxtapose.knightlab.com" target="_blank">Knightlab's JuxtaposeJS</a>

## Installation

Add the Juxtapose package to pubspec.yaml
```yaml
dependencies:
  juxtapose: ^1.0.2
```

Import the package in your dart file
```dart
import 'package:juxtapose/juxtapose.dart';
```

## Usage
```dart
Juxtapose(
  backgroundColor: Color(0xFF012747),
  foregroundWidget: Image.asset("flutter-logo.png"),
  backgroundWidget: Image.asset("flutter-logo-stroke.png"),
),
```

| Horizontal | Vertical |
|---|---|
|<img src="https://github.com/lesliearkorful/juxtapose/raw/master/assets/horizontal.gif"/>|<img src="https://github.com/lesliearkorful/juxtapose/raw/master/assets/vertical.gif"/>


### By default the inner widgets expand to fill up space. Wrap in `Center` before sizing
```dart
Juxtapose(
  backgroundColor: Color(0xFF012747),
  foregroundWidget: Center(
    child: Image.asset("flutter-logo.png", width: 400),
  ),
  backgroundWidget: Center(
    child: Image.asset("flutter-logo-stroke.png", width: 400),
  ),
),
```

### Sized Children output

<img src="https://github.com/lesliearkorful/juxtapose/raw/master/assets/sized_children.png" height=300>

## API Reference

| Property | Default | Description | Type |
|---|---|---|---|
|`foregroundWidget`|`required`|Widget displayed in front of the `backgroundWidget`|`Widget`
|`backgroundWidget`|`required`|Widget displayed behind the `foregroundWidget`|`Widget`
|`height`|optional|Height of the Juxtapose box|`double`
|`width`|optional| Width of the Juxtapose box.|`double`
|`initialOffset`|`0.5`| Initial position of the thumb. Defaults to 50% of width or height of the Juxtapose box.|`double`
|`direction`|`Axis.horizontal`|Sliding direction for juxtaposing between the two widgets|`Axis`
|`backgroundColor`|`Colors.transparent`|Background color of the Juxtapose box|`Color`
|`dividerColor`|`Colors.white`|Color of the horizontal/vertical divider|`Color`
|`dividerThickness`|`3.0`|Line thickness of the horizontal/vertical divider|`double`
|`thumbColor`|`Colors.white`|Color of the thumb that is dragged to juxtapose|`Color`
|`thumbSize`|`Size(12, 100)`|Size of the thumb widget. Width is the shortest side. Height is the longest side.|`Size`
|`thumbBorderRadius`|`BorderRadius.circular(4)`|Sets the border radius of the thumb widget|`BorderRadius`
|`showArrows`|`true`|Indicates whether the arrows on the sides of the thumb are shown or not|`bool`


### Found an issue or have a suggestion?
<a href="https://github.com/lesliearkorful/juxtapose/issues/new" target="_blank"> Create an issue</a>

### Contact
Reach me on Twitter <a href="https://twitter.com/lesliearkorful" target="_blank">@lesliearkorful</a>
